Standalone deployment pipeline for Gitlab (#374)
IBM/dbb: Templates/Deploy_Pipeline/Gitlab/README.md

# GitLab Deployment Pipeline Template

This template provides a [.gitlab-ci.yml](.gitlab-ci.yml) definition file to set up a **GitLab CD (Continuous Deployment)** pipeline for applications managed in a GitLab Git repository.

## Overview and Capabilities

This pipeline template implements the [Git-based process and branching model for mainframe development](https://ibm.github.io/z-devops-acceleration-program/docs/git-branching-model-for-mainframe-dev) within a **GitLab CI/CD deployment-only context**.

> It leverages the [Common Backend Scripts](https://github.com/IBM/dbb/blob/main/Templates/Common-Backend-Scripts/README.md) and **IBM Wazi Deploy** to perform automated deployments of pre-built application packages from **Artifactory** into integration, acceptance, and production environments on z/OS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It leverages the [Common Backend Scripts](https://github.com/IBM/dbb/blob/main/Templates/Common-Backend-Scripts/README.md) and **IBM Wazi Deploy** to perform automated deployments of pre-built application packages from an Artifact Repository into integration, acceptance, and production environments on z/OS.
```
